Metrics support pt2 (#37)
Unleash/unleash-proxy-client-swift: README.md

## Events

> The proxy client emits those different events you can subscribe to:

Reviewer: Nice doc update! But "those different events" sounds a little off. How about something like this?

```suggestion
The proxy client emits events that you can subscribe to. The following events are available:
```

- "ready"
- "update"
- "sent" (metrics sent)

> - "error" (metrics sending error)

Author: "sent" and "error" are the same event names we have in Node.js client that I use as a reference impl. Currently error event is only emitted on metrics error since swift SDK didn't event emit any other error events before
